We are ready to receive and we open our heart. That's what the devotion is. Without doubt and
hesitations, bring that sunlight of the blessings. Let that enter into our heart and mind as open
the mind with full of devotees. Let it grow, bloom our realization and the beautiful Buddha
nature or the Buddha nature of the youthful West body. Let that is. And that is devotion.
As in, as is the joy and appreciation, and then devotion is so important to activate the
realization
to bloom, to mature the realization. Devotion is the necessary. With all the devotion,
it becomes intellectual. It is skeptical. When you have the devotion, a deep devotion
that settles in the heart and ready to grow, ready to bloom. And all our practice will come
perfectly into the path as we really want. So that as the one it is, you know, the supposed line,
and of course it's seven line praise. And then all the lineage praise, and then there's the good
practice praise of the His Holiness, which is the revealer of this particular teaching. And as well
as not just only this, we're all connected to these great masters. As I think I said this,
His Holiness, we become the one of the great masters and true descentions, true descentions.
He becomes master of the masters. He becomes the teacher of the teachers, teachers. I think almost
every Nima practitioner, every Nima great teachers, and all become His students who are out of
Tibet,
in the 1950s, who came out of, I think it becomes almost everyone really. And then in Tibet too,
not just only Nima practitioner, so many guiding practitioners, guiding great masters also become
student of His Holiness. He is not just become kind of because by chance that He become great
master,
but He is truly one of the great enlightened beings in that time. That time in the 20th century,
still His blessings is continued, very warm and fresh, and continuing that. And then also we are
all connected to these teachings. We are the disciples of so many great Nima masters,
and they, everyone is connected to this, so to His Holiness that we pray. And then next one
is Kijibati Hiromu. We are all connected to this area, great master, many of us connect to this
many masters, and he was one of the very important lineage holder of also doing His Holiness
teachings.
So that is what is here which is. And then next one, this bed hall, is a general kind of praise
to all the practice lineage. It's very popular prayer to the three root. It is also practiced
by all Nima schools, and as well as other schools. This too, and it's very popular. So this is what
is
all, and so I just add it all. So that is the general kind of preparation of the practices.
Every practice meditation we do, we should start with these practices. And then next one is a
slightly different, particularly for these practices. That I will go again from page 5,
page 5, all the way to the page, page 7, at the middle of the page 7. Here it also
means section, the meditation and the recitation. Before that, so that means from page 5,
all the way to the middle of the page 7, is that particularly preparation of the foundation
practice
of these, these political practices. Fascinating practices, foundation practices.
Then, middle of the page 7, it is started from my own mind, uncontracted display of the emptiness,
from that, that way, and all the way to, to bed, bed, bed 10, bed 10, and middle of the bed 10 here
,
or not middle of the bed 10, even that one last line above this bed, bed 10 bed. And here in the
footnote said that thus our three doors are sealed by the radial body, speak mind, and then of the
dakinis. After that is the principle part of the practices. Principle part of the practice,
second main part of the practices. And then the last part of this practice is starting with the
last line of this bed 10, then to enter this bed 12. So this is the last and concluding part of
the practices. This is generally very important. Every practice has great master Lujima said,
and can keep what they hear and what they repeat many times, again and again. And as well as other
great monsters too. I mean this, if we practice a complete one whole practices, it should have
all these three. How to begin, how to practices, how to conclude. Is that is all about. For example
,
if our body, if we kind of use the example of body, we should have the head of the body,
body of the body, or principle part of the body, we should have the limbs or feet of the bodies.
And this first preparation part of practice is like head of the practices. Practice. And the
principle part of practice is the main principle body of the practices. And then concluding
practice
is the limbs or feet. So that we should complete it that way. Head, body, and the limbs of the body
.
Every somehow is missing that is not completed. One of them missing is not completed. Therefore,
it is very important. For that reason, great master Lujima said, the past novel, second novel,
third novel. If you have three novels, this will bring the realization, great master Lujima said.
Those who are really practicing, these three premise should take as dearly to your, as frame
of your practice. That's the great master Lujima said. So therefore, his three premise is that,
that within that context. So it's very important. And now we go to the, the kurukule practice
itself.
So the principle part of this bad five. Five. And again, as divided, you know, the first,
middle, and kungkuluni. So now we go to the, to the, the first part of these practices. To do these
practices, this first practice has one, rafu and bodhicaka. And accumulate numerical. Those
are the first part of the practices, foundation practices. And to do this, we're going to
visualize, visualize entire nimendala of the kurukule. Right in front of sky. Sky, and to,
to do this praise, and then this is here. That to kind of, to remind that, to activate that
meditation
in, in the page five, what he said. In front of us, in the sky, we were the guru, inseparably
from the wisdom dakinis. Guru of yechim soja, or kurukule, or gurupayama samad, which is insepar
able.
Separably, gurukule, yechim soja, and tara, that we see inseparable. And that we will see in,
that right in front of sky, as an accidental wisdom, rainbow body. Body of love and compassion
must be lost. So that is what we say. And of the rafu, we shall visualize clearly, and as
a midst of a rainbow light, emanate out of a rainbow light of love, compassion, wisdom.
Bless me to ask to all the certain beings, in front of them, that we shall feel great,
joy never changes. And a very strong devotions, and a strong, sensitive breath. As much as we can
breathe up joy, as much as we can breathe, breathe up the devotion, devotion, and longing, and this
yearning, that attitude, that much, we're really deep in our practices, our meditation. It's not
just a kind of like, on the surface, levels. Truly we become practicing. It really begins to
sit, our in life goal, and cleansing purify our old, happy parents, that which is not
important to us, not healthy for us, with cleansing purifies, purify. So that is what really we can
measure, how much our practice is growing, and deepening that. Emotion, joy, and appreciations.
This, with this thought, and then we check refuge. Raphody, and here, bodhicata struggle. First two
lines
are refuge. Second two lines are bodhicata. This is practice bodhicata. Raphody and bodhicata,
you see, is not a regular way to practice. In general, we're practicing raphody and bodhicata.
It is more absolute level, or the jotting level, tracking raphon, and develop the bodhicata.
That is what it is. First two lines are explaining of the raphon, the absolute level, and the jot
ting
level. Second two lines are explaining how to develop our bodhicata according to the jotting
levels, or the absolute levels. The first is important to know. Of course, you already know
that, but however, what is general refuge? When we take refuge, the other way to take refuge.
The general way to take refuge is, again, is that nature is the same. Devotion, but with devotion
and joy, what are we going to add? Confidence. We're going to confidence for the trustees,
and the closeness feeling to the Buddha dharma sangha, and see Buddha dharma sangha as a
totally enlightened beings. Truly, they are our role models. Our role models journey to the
enlightenment. Buddha is a great teacher who teaches us a tiny part to the way to enlightenment,
exactly teaches how to cleanse and purify. Not just Buddha becomes the teacher and speaks of
lecturers, but Buddha practice that. Buddha practice, Buddha meditated, and he actualized
what he's talking. He actualized. So he's not just a talker, but he is, realized the great
enlightenings, full of love and compassion and wisdom, and free from the ego and self-importance
and the greediness, negative emojis. That whole song, "Enlight the Gollates," is right in front of
us, filled closeness with confidence, joy. How wonderful that I had said great opportunity to
connect to such this great being, that I'm going to reveal my nature as well as it did. Feel really
strong presence there. This that with that great confidence and also some understanding of the
samsara situation. Samsara, there's so many challenges, one after another. Pastable is
informative. And second, there's so many going on in one after another. Another, 200 like to change
that situation with samsara, there's nothing any other alternatives except to reveal our beautiful
nature, our courage and commitment, understanding openness. That is what will change. The whole
things, not just only it will change to us, but it will really benefit with other beings. Therefore
,
with this understanding, I'm going to take refuge and make close connection with the confidence and
joy and the trust with the appreciation to the Buddha Dhamma sama. And then Dhamma is, you know,
Dhamma is the teaching. There's a variety of the teachings the Buddha showed. No matter whatever
the teaching is, nature of teaching is non-violence. Nature is teaching, is appreciating,
respectful,
harmonic, peace to every living beings, not just a selective guru, these and that things. The love
and the compassion is a pervasive nature, the teaching said, to every living. Because every
living being inherited in the Buddha nature, every living has to be ready to get enlightenment.
Everyone has the same goal and the right to get enlightenment. They have freedom to get
enlightenment.
We have to create and we have to make opportunities, circumstances, so the God can get
That's the nature of the teaching. Sometimes the spirituals follow that path with courage and
commitment, with determination, with devotion, with love and union as we explain. No matter what
realization they are, the connection is the same, goal is the same, same, practice is best.
Same. So being close to all this. This is known as generally taking refuge. Generally taking
refuge to the... taking refuge in the Buddha dharmasana. In the absolute level,
tracking refuge, and then it says that. All these three Buddha, three jewels, Buddha dharmasana,
where it merges in the absolute level, is no other than one's own awareness, the self-awareness,
your raka, my raka. Raka is embodiment of three jewels. Raka is embodiment of Buddha.
Raka is embodiment of the dharmas. Raka is embodiment of the dharmas. What means the
Buddha actually? What means the Buddha? Buddha means fully weightless. Raka is fully weightless.
And what meaning of the teaching? Dharmas. Dharmas means the one who is maintained on the path.
Raka will keep us to the path. No matter whatever situation, circumstance, we go through life after
life. The nature never change. It will keep that continuing, that qualities. The nature of the
raka is calm, peace, harmony, and openness. That is what essence of this. And what meaning of the
Sangha? Sangha means virtually committed. That is actually the meaning of Sangha. Committed to the
virtues. Virtues. Raka is that nature. Raka is great, committed to virtue beyond the activities
as a subject or object. It is whole song of the virtues. So Raka is the embodiment of three jewels,
Buddha, Dharma, Sangha. And that raka is what? The nature of the raka is the wisdom. The nature of
the
raka is ultimate compassion. The nature of the raka is the ultimate loving kindness. That tender
love,
that tender compassion, that clear understanding is known as the khandro or the wisdom dakinis.
The khandro is here. What means is the khandro. In the teaching grade, Maasam Gurupema Samba said,
in Kainthi Padaheeru Munjana, many times, he typed the quotation there. He said, one who had the
other side of the openness, everything, and the wisdom and the compassion, pretty moving to every
direction. That is the what the khandro. Kha is the space. Rho means goer, sometimes translated in
the
Hindi. Sky goers or sky movers. Sky is this song, the great openness, vastness of the vastness of
space of dana dapu. Who is going? Wisdom and compassion are pretty moving to every direction
without any partialities, without any restrictions. That is the great wisdom dakim. Who carried
that
nature? Who carried that identity? Who has that? It's our raka. When you relax a raka in the
natural
state of mind, as it is, raka has no blockage. Raka has no limitations. Raka is not a khandro
partialities. It brings in nature everywhere. And that is when you have that understanding.
Clearly that understanding, raka never changed. As I said, no matter what challenge you throw,
what will we go? Go. It's always with us. That's what the Buddha said. Whatever the situation
we go through, is always nature never changed. Nature never changed. It's not proved. It's not
devaluated. Because it's out of those dominoes. Proving, not proving, devaluating, separating,
not separating. This is the dogma. This is the consultant level. Raka is out of that boundaries.
Therefore, it is always the same. And not what is nature, as I said too many times, you all know.
It's nature, it's love. All must have love and compassion. What's that? That union, that combined
quality, the pristine, all-song, that authenticness, that. That is the one that requires. And that
is
absolute Muslim Dakini. Seeing that, recognizing that, with a greater joy, with a greater devotion,
relaxing that natural state is absolute tracking body. Oh, sorry, absolute tracking rakut.
That's what the teaching said here. We take rakutya continually in our own awareness of
the Muslim Dakini. We take rakutya continually in our awareness of the Muslim Dakini.
Maybe it's one word missing here, maybe. But we take our own, what's called, we take rakutya
continually
in our own awarenessness, the Muslim Dakini, without coming and parting. Coming and parting.
Parting. Because in Tibet here, dum dar, dum dar, dar is coming. Dar means separations.
So free from a kind of simple oscillation, free from coming and going. And with that,
which rakutya refers. So that is the meaning of these parts of rakutya. That's brilliant.
Second is then the bodhicitta. As again, as I said, the third line and fourth line is bodhicitta.
And how it said here, this absolute bodhicitta, the realized, unrealized, deluded mind clink to the
duality. We develop the enlightened mind of the great self-liberations. That was translated here.
That is the bodhicitta, bodhicitta, absolute bodhicitta. Now, general bodhicitta. The general
bodhicitta, of course, you won't know. That means the essence of the Mahayana teaching,
essence of the Vadiyana teaching, bodhicitta, bodhicitta is. With all the bodhicitta,
there is no Mahayana teaching. There is no Vadiyana teaching. In fact, with all the bodhicitta,
cheddar and love and completion, there is no bodhicitta teaching at all. Bodhicitta is totally
best upon the completion and understanding. That is the best. No matter if there is Hinayana,
whether it is Mahayana, whether it is Vadiyana is best on the completion and wisdom or
understanding.
That's what it is. And now, generally in the Mahayana teaching, what is the difference between
Mahayana and Hinayana? Because Mahayana highlights of the bodhicitta. Mahayana highlights of the
completion, love and kindness for all the sentient beings. Very much emphasize the highlights that
become the principle, essential practices of the Mahayana. Therefore, it is Mahayana.
Not named. Otherwise, Hinayana has completion. Hinayana has love and kindness. Hinayana has
wisdom. They don't emphasize, highlight it as Mahayana and Vadiyana. So, therefore,
generally in the Mahayana teaching, bodhicitta, of course, again, we all know, we all heard so many
thoughts. It is the best upon the completion. Taking all sentient beings, I like to generate
bodhicitta. And therefore, what is the quality or the identity of the bodhicitta is
wisdom and compassion. Combined together is known as bodhicitta. And what the great master
Maitriya or Khasanga said in his teachings, in the Pandyavaramata, Alankara teaching,
he said, by compassion, thinking all the sentient beings, by wisdom,
looking forward to get enlightenment. That's what he said. That is bodhicitta. So, that means what?
Most of you generate a great compassion to all living beings. That means I like to remove the
sufferings of all the sentient beings and cause of the sufferings of all the sentient beings.
That's what really I like to do that. Not just remove the suffering, but cause of the sufferings.
That sufferings, when we go through the challenges in samsara, this is not just happening
itself or quite accidentally. It has cause. It has conditions. The common conditions
bore up that resolve of the challenges. So, that we like to play away,
challenge itself and cause of a challenge in any difficulties. That is the word. And in order to
this, in order to this, we don't have that capability right now to do that. Even if we
have that really heartfelt yearning, courage and commitment, we don't have that capability
except to pray, except to witness. And therefore, how to do this? This is getting enlightened.
Become ourselves a Buddha, ourselves enlightened. So, therefore, by understanding through the
wisdom,
you're really projecting your realization, become clearly understanding. We are out of the boundary
.
We are out of all those ditches and troubles so that we can help all the sentient beings.
So, to do that is the enlightenment. We become Buddha. Together, we become bodhisattvas. So,
therefore, by compression, projecting into the sentient beings, by the wisdom,
projected to the enlightenment and the combination is bodhisattvas. That is what bodhisattva is.
And now, bodhisattva itself, what there is like, and of course in the teaching, so just I remind
this,
this, and this is called two bodhisattvas. Wishing bodhisattva and actualizing bodhisattvas,
two bodhisattvas. And wishing bodhisattva is, again, a great master of namjimasit. This
wishing bodhisattva is all boundless. How we develop the wishing bodhisattva? Wishing bodhisattva,
of course, we wish sentient beings having joy and peace, but how we really activated that so
beautiful, so strongly, so massive, without any boundary. That is called poor boundless, boundless
love, boundless compassion, boundless joy, boundless equanimities. And with that, do our
prayers. We have beautiful prayers that, again, voice of the great masters, ancient times,
they did this. They prayed that prayers and they activated that. And as we do, may all living
beings
have the great happiness, the cause of happiness. That is boundless love. Pray that, reflect that
meaning into the heart and the giant. Giant, truly, that. May all living beings, we are not making
any
partialities. And then same way, may all living beings, free from suffering, cause of suffering,
wish sincerely that giant and wish that. And then may everyone have the great joy, joy,
free from all the difficult troubles, all the miserable, never separated from that joy. Again,
in third line, in Buddha's argument, we have that. Beautiful. And fourth is great equanimities.
Each of those prayers is wholesome. The whole practices, each of those. Great
equanimities. Many times, each of those is really just super practices. Each of them we think that.
And that will cleanse and purify and remove all obstacles, negativities, so many beautiful stories.
It's not just that. We have sincerely our love and compassion that fill that attitude in your heart
,
or our heart. Immediately we feel so calm, so peace, so harmony. We cannot open ourself, we cannot
restrict it. This is what is called poor, boundless practices. It's so spiritual. And to activate
that
practice of body, wishing body, then tungni practices. All those tungni practices are known
as activating, actualizing the wishing body together in actions, in actions. And with these
beautiful teachings, then second bodhicitta, bodhicitta is then engaging bodhicitta by actualizing
bodhicitta. Those best of these poor, boundless, then you will carry the six paramatas. Six paramat
as
combined with the wishing bodhicitta. The first paramata of the generosity combined with poor,
boundless. And second, morality is combined with poor, boundless. And the third paramata is patient
and combined with poor, boundless. And so on, one after another. And joyful effort is continually
helping. And with again poor, boundless paramatas. So never separated, together and activating body
,
that actualizing bodhicitta through the six paramatas. That is known as general bodhicitta
practices. Very important. With all of these bodhicitta, there is no enlightenment, there is
no spiritual, and there is no really growth of our realization will come. And for that reason,
the great master, the great master, he said, if you have one thing, it's enough that to get
enlightenment
is bodhicitta. If you don't have one thing, no matter how much techniques and skills or
basic practices, it really won't work. Work, as he said, is bodhicitta. And so there, this bodhic
itta
is the unmistakable, unmistakable, correct cause and condition to become the enlightenment
or become our self-warrior from the samsara. And become the bravery from the samsara,
and reach the victorious ones. And it defeated all the negative emotions through bodhicitta.
It's bodhicitta. That. And again, you can keep out of here, I clearly remember, even kind of his
songs,
again and again saying, this is what the bodhicitta is. This is. And this is now so
briefly about general bodhicittas. Then absolute bodhicitta is here, again. This. How you develop
this bodhicitta? First line, they said, unlearn the deluded beings clinging to the dualities.
They didn't realize the nature, anxiety of them. Nature of their own, our own nature of the whole,
this object and so on. They didn't realize it, that this nature. Therefore, they're clinging.
Clinging is not the realized activities. Clinging is unrealized activities. And therefore,
clinging is ignorance. Clinging is a dullness. And we think it's good to do. And then we are,
karmala become complete opposite direction. And then when you're clinging, clinging that and
create the whole mass of karmas, karma activities, all comes the emotions. Emotions, one after
another,
such as negative emotions, are raging one after another because we're clinging. Thinking that
will help us to bring some kind of support, some confidence. Then we do all these emotions.
Thinking. But instead, we are kind of hurting ourselves. Because of that here, because of that,
the great compassion. Arise the great drift of compassion without any subject or object in the
zoki level or in absolute levels. The pervasive compassion. Compassion brings up that which is,
Rava is the embodiment of the compassion. Bring that. And Rava, even the competitive suffering
is generated in your heart and mind or our heart and mind. There's no substantial, solid existing
compassion itself. It's self-liberated. As compassion arises, that moment is liberated
or that is the enlightened status. Compassion is the enlightened status. There's no solid existing
compassion. Therefore, our compassion at the absolute level is the pervasive. There's no
boundary. There are no limitations. Bring that realization clearly with the great compassion
and understanding in the inconceivable, comparative status and be in that status.
Be that, embracing that nature. That is known as the absolute bodhijabahid.
That is really about rafu in bodhijabhas. And the next one is then,
is the accumulated merits. Accumulated merits, generally, in the general accumulated merits, but in
the bodhijabhas, generally, those are known as fosterations, and offering purification,
in the reusing and the teaching, remaining a long time, a long life, and then getting married.
Those
are known as seven techniques that will accumulate the great merits. Merit of the wisdom, merits of
the accumulations. Both merits are generated. But this, that is generated, and this is again
absolute level, according to the zoki level that you see here. You see, you see here. See here.
And now, this song, again, with great understanding of the true nature, relaxing our mind in a
natural
state of rakbar. Rakbar. So, first line, explain it. This 'a' starts with 'a', and that 'a' is the
absolute nature of our awarenesses. And then, first line, what's said here. Premodul Piyo,
limited in Dakinis. Premodul Piyo, limited in Dakinis, is where is your rakbar. A mahi rupa,
or our nature of the mahi. It's ordinary Piyo from the beginning. It's full of clarity,
brilliant light as sunshine, and that is wisdom, Dakini. As I said before, that nature,
treat this Dakini, then follow an offering that you're making in the zoki levels.
Zoki levels. For us, it is offering of the like here. Post-ration. See clearly nature as it is,
is the homage of post-ration. And expanding the realization, and the realization and experience
is offering. Treat that Dakini, to clearly demonstrate Dakini. Which is absolute
kurukul. Absolute rajim sodya. Absolute madatara. Absolute vedivari. Absolute brother, some of the
brothers. All the brothers. With that is absolute. So, you're offering that too. And, when you
reach
to the peak of the awareness, that is purification. There's nothing to purify. Nothing to purify.
Reaching to the peak of the awareness. Nothing to purify is the purification. Great purification.
That is not. Rapa is completely, totally believed. Right of status. And then what is the rejoice?
Rejoice of the all the phenomena, phenomena and the grasping dualities are exhausted within that
great awareness. That is rejoice. That is great joys. And, what is your recursing? Turning the
will of dharma. Dhamma. Turning the will of dharma as we use the word, mind to mind,
assimilation, lineages. There's nothing to see. Beyond the world. Beyond the Kavaluras.
Beyond any sentences. That beholding that absolute level as it is relaxed in that natural state,
merging into that natural state is the turning the will of dharma. Beyond any subject, object,
and essence. And then, what we are recursing? Recursing remains to the unchangeable state of
all the remaining. Nature is already the unchangeable state. Rapa never changes. As we said,
all the teachings sit. Sit. So, recover, reemphasize, bring that realization again,
being that state. That is the recursing. And the last one is the dedicating merits.
And all this meriture is where you're going to dedicate. It's to the dharma dattas. Again,
this is known as dedicating merit beyond any activities. Beyond the subject, beyond the object,
beyond the activities. Subject, object, and essence. Beyond that. So, that means relaxing our mind
in a robust status. That is a great dedicating. So, by simple it to tell, when we meditate, we'll
be
able to meditate in a robust state. At that time, all this is a completion. Every meriture
activities
are completing. We're glorifying that nature. Nature. So, that is like Zocci levels of these
practices. All these seven accumulated merits. One of those who don't, right in front of all,
these meditative, all these things you don't, in front of the mandala. And then he said,
the object of, of the visualization, dissolve in the self-awareness, in this separate book,
being purified, all obscurities are and we are blessed. Feel that going after you finish these
things, and feel that from the heart center or triple is of this buddha.
[inaudible]
That completely purified any reward there for the natures and the completely blessed,
and then dissolve that, that each of those medal to you. And that, then, so that is what it is.
So, up to this point is we completed the postpartum of these practices with this.
Now is the principle part of practices. Principle part of practices, and which is then again here,
and how we're going to generate these practices. And then again, this is now said by his
[inaudible]
That means, first we are going to relax our natural state of mind, the absolute
is pure from the beginning, clear luminosity, uncontrived. That is absolute status.
That is absolute state of the kurukul. That is the nature of the kurukul. From that nature,
arising the display of the kurukul, from that nature. So, first we relax on the natural state
of mind, as it is relaxed. If you'd like to do more kind of detailed way, and then in the Buddha
teaching, or Murugan Mahasamma teaching, or Nirma teaching, sit from that nature, then ask, come,
tremendous power of the SNC, the power of display. And as he said, tremendous power of
compassion arises from that nature. And pervasive to everywhere, and all everywhere, compassion
becomes as the sunlight of the morning, hit to all the skies, but this time, not just the only one
direction of the sky. The whole space is filled with compassion, lightness, and then fill that,
fill that compassion, be in that state. So, first we stayed on openness, on controversy over a big
state of the emptiness, remained that state for a few seconds. After that great compassion energy
came, pervasive to all that spaces, against a few seconds, have you like to do? And then
combination
of that compassion and the great emptiness, appeared see the syllable, such as three, three syll
ables,
SNC, three syllables, absorbing, appears the syllable, radiating and absorbing as it.
That means radiating light from this rich syllable. Now rich syllable is the essence of
loving kindness, the compassion, and wisdom, and rich syllable is our mind, our awareness,
that is rich syllable, is red, red color, or in the teaching said also morning sun colors,
evening morning sun color, or evening sun colors, evening those sun colors, very billion rich color
,
powerful, and radiating lights, all by light, and multiple light, to when all the pure members,
and the particular pure, that of Amitabha, in the gurukuli pure, and the gurukuli pure, and the
gurukuli marsambhava, and the yachim sodya, and from their blessings, their blessings, the buddhas,
bodhisattva blessings, came back to this three syllable, and that moment three syllables become
more glorified, become more strong, strong and more glorified, and now went to the all the beings
of
the six of them, light came and attacked, and purified, they are obscurators, obstacles, cause
of obstacles, and obscurators, completely purified, and they were there by their nature, and they
returned back that light to threesome, that moment again has become so powerful, by doing this is
called in the Buddha teaching, doing two purposes, two jobs, two jobs, two walks, making, glor
ifying
your enlightened calipers, and receiving all Buddha's empowerment to you, empower, and also
purify all the sentient beings, benefit to all the sentient beings, so immediately we are walking
as
what the Buddha will do, what the Shaktamuni will do, or did, Buddha did, all contracted to the all
the Buddha's bodies of every enlightened beings, each time when Buddha gives the Sutra teachings,
many times such as Amitabha Suttaras, Akkubiya Suttaras, maybe such as there is a Buddha Suttaras,
Buddha opened the entire universe of the doubts beyond that, and right in front of that, and then
Buddha gave the teaching, Buddha not really talking the story of the behind, seeing behind
mountains,
he bought that whole atmosphere right in front of the audience, and then Buddha gave the teachings,
so this is what really we're doing right now, this case, and then what Buddha did,
Buddha sent so many blind light from his chakra, or the third eye's bone, to all the beings of sex
ranks, remove the suffering of the difficulties, and then he turned all light, we're doing the same
thing as the Buddha did, this is the, their book where the Yara teaching is so powerful,
so speak, immediately you're going to the right target of the realization, heart of the realization
,
immediately activating that realization, not let's sleep those colors, beauties, and then
right after that combination, that re-celeborn now, instantly become
kurukkale, yes, kurukale, kurukale, your saga, and how now you, how you are now kurukale status,
kurukkale status, is dancing than the verse of the rainbow body, body of love and compassion
of vista, what are the three syllables? Three syllables is a combination of compassion,
wisdom, and love and kindness, that three syllables, that play word, that gauntlet,
never locks in when it becomes the whole, the figure of the kurukkale, it's the same thing,
it's just that the display, shift, display expanded in the way of our kurukkale levels,
otherwise nature is the same, it's love, it's compassion, it's vista, therefore it's called
dasudan, visto-reni, bodhis, bodhis, and then he has chosen all this explained here clearly,
clearly, and that is which you are now, you are rids dancing postures, on the top of the lotus,
and the sun dress, you are, you are the center of the universe, center of the medallas,
we are each of us, the center of our own medallas, medallas, and that is what you're going to
realize,
realize, and then, and nature of this again in the teaching said, said, blessed for us,
blessed for us, warm, warm and blessed for us, and residing in the midst of the rainbow light,
rainbow light, and within the flames many times, in terms of, but in his only teaching here,
nothing
may happen about the flame, but the bookiers all the time, as most have some flames there, so
maybe let a flame, a mist of the rainbow lights, and that is the visualization, meditation of the
kurukule as your, now we are realizing this, and how we're going to make, keep this, maintain this,
this is the one teaching, said, now, we, if you like to let it detail, I mean every detail,
now, when you clearly visualize that deity as yourself, as kurukule status, and meditate,
and from your heart center, three syllables emanate a lot of lightness, and when all different
pure lands, and particularly pure land of the Amitabha kurukule, and when all the blessings of
their body would speak, it was the mind blessing, they came back with white palm, red eye, blue
home,
merge to your three places, and then heart, and that moment truly you become the kurukule, so
Buddha Amitabha, Buddha kurukule empowered us, empowered, not just we are meditating in a kind
of like in that state, Buddha are now murdered to us, and we become truly as this, this,
and so with that realization, realization, and then we can keep up with meditation,
with confidence, with clarity, with purity, those are known as clay, pure stabilizing, those are
the
three principles, call it that makes a visualization, meditation, powerful, strong, deep,
and the first is clay, clay means trying to be clay regulators, and if you have to do this, many
times the teaching says look to the eye of the, or the face of the kurukule, or that deity, kind of
if there's good thangas, look to the face of the kurukulas, and all that, and then grade you the
kind
and close your eye, and bring that image to your mind, and then to the whole body of the kurukule,
clearly, kind of almost not staring to this, not blankly staring to those images for few seconds,
and then close our eye, bring that visualization, those are known as learning the clarity of the
visualizations, training ourself, which also means training our stabilizing of concentrations,
and the second is, is purity, purity is important, what is purity means? It means this is, kurukule
is pure from the beginning, kurukule is totally enlightened beings, kurukule is compassion, kuruk
ule
is love and kindness, kurukule is wisdom, that combination is kurukule, so therefore it's pure,
it's just completely pure, pure and it's just a divine enlightened status,
during that day, because we already started from the level, what's it, from the emptiness,
and from there compete, no one there came up, realization, that is knowledge, purity.
The third one is stabilizing, stabilizing means our confidence, your confidence,
that means, you have to, when you realize American kurukule, you have to see yourself kurukule,
not lingering with it, with any intellectual thoughts or any constructions, be embarrassed
in that nature, be courageous, be confident, be strong, strong, your nature, our nature of the
Buddha nature is now wacked up in the state of the kurukule. So we are pure from the beginning,
from the beginning, the ordinary level thinking is pure, is our Buddha nature, our root, and now
pure,
meditation level is pure, is wisdom in the combination and love and kindness, that's
what we started, and now we're realizing that is pure, still and therefore be in that state, truly
kind of be with confidence and that, that's in the teaching what's called Vedic writers.
So that is really about the body meditation of the kurukule. Now the speech meditation of
the kurukule we started with the second line of the Vedic Ed, the last line and then above that
second line and that's all. He said, "At my heart upon the sun dress is the shiad shek." From there
it's called practicing the speech of the kurukule. That means, now when we visualize this, this,
our root should be not limited, we should not limit the vedaya tiki. So therefore we're not
just going to feel ourselves only become kurukule. That is not. We're going to see entirely this
universe, the whole of our perception is the medaya of kurukule. Whole perception is purely
the whole of our kurukule. So that means the building, land, mountain, tree, everything
becomes the all that we can see by eye. The point, object of eye, is become the kurukule, the forms
.
No matter what ever the shiads and formation, that's called the display. The display according
to our shiads. And that is, and that all naturally, even though they appear whatever that is,
naturally is loving-kindness, completion and wisdom of the great emptiness, as Aslusa states.
That is the one. So that is known as the body meditation of the kurukule. Now we're going to
practice speech meditation of kurukule. That means we're going to transform the whole sound system
as a voice, a singular voice of the kurukule. And the true student is to ignite that qualities
and then in the teaching city, I may already play, play here in our center. We're delighting
this kurukule mantra but counter-kurukule nicely and eliminating all the kurukule and every, that
power of this life from this mantra and mantra and a lot of lights coming from multiple lights
and that all completely completely come in a way of our power to everyone, everyone's
and came in a domain of ourself or yourself. So everyone and not just the essence of those
all essence of the universal form and so on and the spirit, essence that all merged back to your
heart center, which means three syllables, three syllables which is in your heart center, merged,
merged, it can again glorify the kurukule natures. And as it is and what is that nature is innocent
,
unchanging blessed emptiness, that is nature of the kurukule, unchanging blessing of the
infinite. This is not just a blessed emptiness only to ourself, the whole universe, the world, the
song,
everything transformed in that nature of status. Everything in the land of bliss for us of great
emptiness, in that sizzling energy of the enlightened qualities and all the suffering, the
difficult
troubles, instantly disappeared, a bird as morning sun, like heat as the darkness goes away,
instantly appeared, everything become in that reality of the great wisdom in life of status.
Truly it is all liberated, everything is overpowered by yourself. That s what you are
with great confidence and reciting these mantras. And that is then as many as you have time, 21
times,
1 mala, 2 mala, 3 mala or whatever you have time and do this. And after you finish these mantras
and
then you have time, you have time, you can do those things. And after that, and then,
so that is really about the task forming, the sound systems of everything as the mandala of
the kurukule. So that means again, not just only our sound, our voice, but the whole sound systems
of the universe, whether this is the natural sound of the elements or that is sound of the wings
or combination sound, sound, all that transformed the mandala of the kurukule's sound speeches.
So that is so. And we did that and then we did that. So after you finish it and then now the second
part part of the practices, which means then activating the first mind of the kurukule's,
realization of the kurukule's. And this is then known as also absolute practices, practices.
And this is then now, now in the page 10. Page 10 and this is then you join for the aspect of the
deity, self-realizing awareness, dissolve vastness, pervading the non-dualic beyond. Join this,
this,
hold that kurukule. The moment you join that kurukule, hold the kurukule, the medala,
the consultant, that what we are holding is completely dissolved. Dissolve to the
organ status, organ status where it started from, where all that shock begins, where all that
discipline begins, where that begins, and we move back to page 7. What is it? Uncontrived,
display or uncontrived emptiness. Uncontrived emptiness, it dissolved back. Uncontrived
fuel from the beginning of the emptiness is the basic ordinary nature status, where all the display
came, where all the display came, now went back to that nature status. This is not just only
has happened now, according to Buddha's teaching, the whole universe begins like that. All this
world,
the galaxy, the planet is, begins this. From the emptiness, from the space, it's magically
started forming that way and way is now. Everything is in spaces. Way it will go end to that space
in the larger levels, and our this level, again, where what we merited, is now verited back to that
great openness. We work from the beginning, great emptiness status, which is the essence of love,
essence of compassion, essence of the wisdom of great emptiness, without any divitable or any
sense in several, without any sense. What? Divisions. We don't need divisions. It's one with them.
We don't want this. That is what the nature is. It went back, relaxing that. This is what in the
generation of the Buddha teaching now is, the zogchen, the tucku, fuel from the beginning,
O Mahamudras, Pandya Paramudras, great transcendental westerns, what do those terminology Buddha
used
to bring up to our realization, to bring up this in like gods, so meditating that. That is the
essence of the kurukulis, western mind. That's the essence of our mind, nature of the warm mind.
Be in that status. Be in that state is known as meditation. The zogchen level, there's no
meditation with effort. Nothing to be effort. Be natural. Be relaxed. Be calm. Be peaceful. Those
are the reasons in zogchen teaching said many times, let it calm. Let it go. Be in that status.
Don't make any heart. Don't make any efforts. Harden effort, searching, engaging, trying to do this
in that old level of the mind, according to the zogchen point of view, according to the absolute
point of view. Be in that status as long as you have time. Time, time, and we disjoint these
fruity lines and by that reminder of this camera, usher us, ask to that status and be relaxed.
After you finish these practices, or after you have the kind of about time to end, then in a
teaching set, again by the creative power of the indivisible illusion of the kurukuli medalla,
if I add that word as commentary, indivisible illusion medalla of the kurukuli, of the form,
sound, space, mind, a period that entirely whistles and contains. That means whole universal world
everything comes in the display of the resistance. So that means all comes back again. I mean it's
here,
it's now and it's gone, except our duality, our kind of focus, of that concentration is we dissolve
,
mirrored to the request status. And how is it realized? It's at the display of the resistance.
Wisdom means it's not just a wisdom, it's a wisdom compassion,
wisdom with love and kindness, and wisdom is openness, and that is what happens.
To live, imposing that nature in the air, then several mantras, om is old, so old poems are
home of kurukulis. All are is all sound of kurukulis. Home is of all the space and mind is kurukuli
.
With that understanding and here His Holiness teachings, our three doors and our body,
speech, mind are in that state too. See? And so that is the principal part of the practices,
principal part of the practices there. And now the concluding part of the practice is a dedication.
Then I speak with prayers, and which is already here, so I won't go more now. And so that is
bring my talks on these kurukulis practices. And then have you have some kurukus? We discussed
a short time. And then we practice this kurukulis talk with them, and then we do also some other
practice is done for us so thank you thank you anyone have any question yes